=============================
Xonsh 0.2 Release Notes
=============================
Xonsh is a Python-ish, BASHwards-looking shell language and command prompt.
The language is a superset of Python 3.4+ with additional shell primitives
that you are used to from Bash and IPython. It works on all major systems including
Linux, Mac OSX, and Windows. Xonsh is meant for the daily use of experts and novices 
alike.

Features include:

* Naturally typed environment variables
* Inherits the environment from BASH
* Uses BASH completion for subprocess commands
* Regular expression filename globbing
* Its own PLY-based lexer and parser
* xonsh code parses into a Python AST
* You can do all the normal Python things, like arithmetic and importing
* Captured and uncaptured subprocesses
* Pipes, redirection, and non-blocking subprocess syntax support
* Help and superhelp with ? and ??
* Command aliasing
* Multiline input, unlike ed
* History matching like in IPython
* Color prompts
* Low system overhead

Feedback, bug reports, and pull requests are always welcome!

Installation
============
You can install xonsh using conda, pip, or from source.

**conda:**

.. code-block:: bash

    $ conda install -c scopatz xonsh

**pip:**

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install xonsh

**source:** Download the source `from github <https://github.com/scopatz/xonsh>`_
(`zip file <https://github.com/scopatz/xonsh/archive/master.zip>`_), then run
the following from the source directory,

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python setup.py install

ArchLinux users can install xonsh with e.g. yaourt or aura:

**yaourt:**

.. code-block:: bash

    $ yaourt -Sa xonsh      # yaourt will call sudo when needed

**aura:**

.. code-block:: bash

    $ sudo aura -A xonsh

If you run into any problems, please let us know!

Dependencies
============
Polyphemus currently has the following external dependencies,

*Run Time:*

    1. Python v3.4+
    2. PLY
    3. prompt-toolkit (optional)

Contributing
============
We highly encourage contributions to xonsh!  If you would like to contribute, 
it is as easy as forking the repository on GitHub, making your changes, and 
issuing a pull request.  If you have any questions about this process don't 
hesitate to ask the mailing list (xonsh@googlegroups.com). 

Contact Us
==========
If you have questions or comments, please send them to the mailing list
xonsh@googlegroups.com, contact the author directly, or open an issue on
GitHub. 

Join the mailing list here: https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/xonsh

Helpful Links
=============
* Documentation - http://xonsh.org
* Mailing list - https://groups.google.com/forum/#!forum/xonsh
* GitHub Repository - https://github.com/scopatz/xonsh
* IRC: channel #xonsh on OFTC - http://www.oftc.net/

Authors
=======
This release contains code written by the following people:

* Anthony Scopatz
* Adam J Hartz
* Klaus Alexander Seistrup
* Aaron Griffin
* Robert W. Brewer
* Morten Enemark Lund
* Michał Zając
* Burak Yigit Kaya
* Mattias Ugelvik
* Nathan Goldbaum
* anula
* mel
* James Elías
* Jonathan Slenders
* JuanPablo
* Marcel Bollmann
* Matteo Bertini
* Thomas Marquart
* Alexandre Ferland
* Michael Droettboom
* javValverde
* Greg Thole
* K.-Michael Aye
* Pablo Barton
* Paul Barton
* Steven Silvester
* zajaczajac
* Aaron Meurer
* Austin Bingham
* Brian S. Corbin
* Cameron Bates
* Charlie Arnold
* Daniel Hahler
* Florian Mounier
* Glen Zangirolami
* Katriel Cohn-Gordon
* Michael Ensslin
* Ronny Pfannschmidt
* admiralobvious
* eyalzek
* torgny

Changelog
============